README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Zoomcamp 
This repo has been created while attending **[ML ZoomCamp](https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/mlbookcamp-code/tree/master/course-zoomcamp)** organized by [Alexey Grigorev](https://linkedin.com/in/agrigorev)) and team. This ZoomCamp is spread across 14 modules for 4 months.

# Table of Contents
1. [Open Ended Learning](#targeted-open-learning)
2. [Important Links](#important-links)
3. [Week-1 notes](#week-1)


## Targeted Open Learning
Going forward, I'm going to update this README.md on a weekly basis with an **Overview** for the week, **Notes** prepared during the week, **Outcomes** from the learning process, and, maybe, social **Media** posts that I write about the weekly outcome. Good Luck and Happy Learning! 

## Important Links:
- [Files for this cohort](https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/mlbookcamp-code/tree/master/course-zoomcamp/cohorts/2022)
- [Syllabus and deadlines](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQiEznNaTrblegQtBwQ-zsoJY6Vh_XL7_rilGYugRuCFhBQfnJR7D-QArGlilAiF9qrkY5ED2n-9ibD/pubhtml)


## Week-1
- Overview: Introduction to Machine Learning 
- Notes: [Week-1 Notes](https://github.com/tummala-hareesh/ml_zoomcamp_ht/blob/main/notes/week-1-notes.md)
- Outcomes: 
- Media:

Commit message:

Updated README with week-1 post link

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Zoomcamp 
This repo has been created while attending **[ML ZoomCamp](https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/mlbookcamp-code/tree/master/course-zoomcamp)** organized by [Alexey Grigorev](https://linkedin.com/in/agrigorev)) and team. This ZoomCamp is spread across 14 modules for upto 4 months.

# Table of Contents
1. [Open Ended Learning](#targeted-open-learning)
2. [Important Links](#important-links)
3. [Week-1 notes](#week-1)


## Targeted Open Learning
Going forward, I'm going to update this README.md on a weekly basis with an **Overview** for the week, **Notes** prepared during the week, **Outcomes** from the learning process, and, maybe, social **Media** posts that I write about the weekly outcome. Good Luck and Happy Learning! 

## Important Links:
- [Files for this cohort](https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/mlbookcamp-code/tree/master/course-zoomcamp/cohorts/2022)
- [Syllabus and deadlines](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQiEznNaTrblegQtBwQ-zsoJY6Vh_XL7_rilGYugRuCFhBQfnJR7D-QArGlilAiF9qrkY5ED2n-9ibD/pubhtml)


## Week-1
- Overview: Introduction to Machine Learning 
- Notes: [Week-1 Notes](https://github.com/tummala-hareesh/ml_zoomcamp_ht/blob/main/notes/week-1-notes.md)
- Outcomes: ML termilogy, rule vs ML, supervisedML, CRISP-DM, Model selection steps, Review of linear algebra and env setup
- Media: [Week-1 Post](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/tummala-hareesh_github-tummala-hareeshmlzoomcampht-activity-6975109893066285057-GI0V?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop)
